c:\users\tjhrulz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kinectDemo\kinectDemo\bin\Debug\kinectDemo.exe
c:\users\tjhrulz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kinectDemo\kinectDemo\bin\Debug\kinectDemo.pdb
c:\users\tjhrulz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kinectDemo\kinectDemo\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Samples.Kinect.WpfViewers.dll
c:\users\tjhrulz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kinectDemo\kinectDemo\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
c:\users\tjhrulz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kinectDemo\kinectDemo\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Samples.Kinect.WpfViewers.pdb
c:\users\tjhrulz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kinectDemo\kinectDemo\bin\Debug\Coding4Fun.Kinect.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\tjhrulz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kinectDemo\kinectDemo\obj\x86\Debug\kinectDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tjhrulz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kinectDemo\kinectDemo\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\tjhrulz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kinectDemo\kinectDemo\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\tjhrulz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kinectDemo\kinectDemo\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\tjhrulz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kinectDemo\kinectDemo\obj\x86\Debug\kinectDemo_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\tjhrulz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kinectDemo\kinectDemo\obj\x86\Debug\kinectDemo.g.resources
c:\users\tjhrulz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kinectDemo\kinectDemo\obj\x86\Debug\kinectDemo.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\tjhrulz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kinectDemo\kinectDemo\obj\x86\Debug\kinectDemo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\tjhrulz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kinectDemo\kinectDemo\obj\x86\Debug\kinectDemo.exe
c:\users\tjhrulz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kinectDemo\kinectDemo\obj\x86\Debug\kinectDemo.pdb
c:\users\tjhrulz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kinectDemo\kinectDemo\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\tjhrulz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kinectDemo\kinectDemo\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.pdb
c:\users\tjhrulz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kinectDemo\kinectDemo\bin\Debug\KinectInteraction170_32.dll
c:\users\tjhrulz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kinectDemo\kinectDemo\bin\Debug\KinectInteraction170_64.dll
c:\users\tjhrulz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kinectDemo\kinectDemo\bin\Debug\FaceTrackData.dll
c:\users\tjhrulz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kinectDemo\kinectDemo\bin\Debug\FaceTrackLib.dll
c:\users\tjhrulz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kinectDemo\kinectDemo\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.Controls.dll
c:\users\tjhrulz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kinectDemo\kinectDemo\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.FaceTracking.dll
c:\users\tjhrulz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kinectDemo\kinectDemo\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.Interaction.dll
c:\users\tjhrulz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kinectDemo\kinectDemo\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.Controls.pdb
c:\users\tjhrulz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kinectDemo\kinectDemo\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.FaceTracking.pdb
C:\Users\tjhrulz\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\kinectDemo\kinectDemo\obj\x86\Debug\latency.baml
C:\Users\tjhrulz\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\kinectDemo\kinectDemo\obj\x86\Debug\latency.g.cs
C:\Users\tjhrulz\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\kinectDemo\kinectDemo\bin\Debug\OpenTK.xml
C:\Users\tjhrulz\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\kinectDemo\kinectDemo\bin\Debug\OpenTK.GLControl.xml
